the year 2013 is getting tired and wants
sleep no wonder it was also
a spectacular technique yes with the
approaches faster faster persevering
and not to mention sharper phones
ever bigger tablets were getting
Small and ultrabooks do that now
thanks to long battery life allows the
Entire lord of the rings trilogy
to look at each other in a row if you too
at the lowest brightness levels
For me it was the year of one
review simply because this channel
only for a little over four months
exists better said I have then
the first video uploaded
now the 3333 subscribers are cracked
and therefore it will be a special time
upload
you have the 1,000 subscribers special
already a look behind the scenes and
can learn more about me now
I want to learn something about you
you are watching my videos more than just
around the clock and commented on that
keeps convicting
I simply wanted to
We would like to thank you for the year 2013
honorably let it end
I search with your help, the top 5 of
year the categories are natural
technology oriented and therefore is the
first point smartphones here he writes
Just make a comment with rhombus or
hashtag 1 and then your smartphone
which you best this year
found a maximum of three smartphones are there
possible there was here in all sorts of ways
Operating system categories which I
then will all the comments
gather and thus the audience
top 5 and my personal top 5 form
the second point is the tablets
dedicated and also the ultrabooks case
her desktop calculator fansite writes
Here are your favorites for example the mac
behind each rotter three hides
more than just a category comes here
your favorite gadget or feature
what is this year so that can exist
touch design but also the breakthrough
the 10 80 p phones or even 4k tv
maybe it is also the ps4 the
xbox that alone decides your point
a lot also depends on the
Consoles together as we then those
have seen a lot of games dared
Number 4 is the favorite game of
2013 and here, of course, the
latest minecraft version or one
handheld game yes yes ios games
and so on and so on
I think we will be here very much
often read gta 5 or battlefield 4 who
White
Last but not least, I'm looking for the best
movie of the year it does not matter if it is
Comedy action or musical has been around
honestly this is really something totally
subjective as well as in the games
but still I'm curious what
you like it so much if you like it
you can not go to the cinema too
mention favorite tv series several times
indications are of course allowed though
please only so maximum three points per
point so in total up to 15 points it
is already hard enough to overview
keep and all together
carry
a finished commentary of an absolute
apple fanboys cellar of course
look number one iphone 5 food but eat
two ipad r number 3 17 number four in
for display 3 and number five jobs the
film that unfortunately never came to Germany
I will before the end of 2013 the
top 5 of the year video upload and
wish you a nice advents and
Christmas time we'll see each other, I think
soon and in any case again
a huge thank you for all that
comments likes subscriptions and just that
her so blatant since thanks for football